Who wrote for Arkansas?
They say there is a stream Of crystal waters flow That'll cure a man's sicker Well, if he will only go We're coming, Arkansas We're coming, Arkansas Our four-horse teams will soon be seen
in the road to arkansas the roads are up down there and you will find it so there's rocks and reels and rocks and stones on the road to arkansas we're coming arkansas
Come in, Arkansas Our four-horse teams will soon be seen In the hills of Arkansas The men keep hounds down there And hunting is all they care The women they hoe and plow the corn While the men shoot turkey and deer Hurrah for Arkansas
who roll for arkansas you bet your boots we people get their way down in arkansas the girls are clean clean healthy and strong they card and spin from dark morning till night and dance from night till day
Who roll for Arkansas?
You bet your boots we people get their way down in Arkansas.
They raise their back, their patch, the women all smoke and choke.
Eat, hug, and hominy, and poke for greens way down in Arkansas.
We're leaving Arkansas.
Our poor Hawkins will never be seen in the hills of Arkansas.